الشروط و الأحكام
الشروط:

بدخولك إلى الموقع فأنت توافق على الإلزام بهذه الشروط، وعلى جميع القوانين واللوائح المعمول بها، وتقر كذلك بأنك مسئول عن الامتثال لأي قوانين محلية سارية.

إذا كنت لا توافق على أي من هذه الشروط، فلا يحق لك استخدام أو الدخول إلى هذا الموقع. جميع المواد الواردة في هذا الموقع محمية بموجب حقوق النشر المعمول بها وبموجب قانون حماية العلامات التجارية.

 

القانون المنظم:

تخضع هذه الشروط والأحكام ويؤول تفسيرها إلى قوانين المملكة العربية السعودية وتخضع أنت كذلك وبشكل غير قابل للنقض للاختصاص القضائي لمحاكم المملكة العربية السعودية.



سياسة الخصوصية:

تعتبر الخصوصية والأمن أقصى الأولويات, حيث أننا لم نقم على الإطلاق بمشاركة أو طباعة أو بيع معلومات أي زبون لأي طرف آخر.

عند قيامك بتقديم المعلومات الشخصية على موقعنا سنعمل بكل جهد على حماية معلوماتك على الإنترنت وخارجه.

نقوم باستخدام مجموعة متنوعة من تقنيات وإجراءات الأمان للمساعدة على حماية معلوماتك الشخصية من الوصول أو الاستخدام أو الكشف غير المصرح به حالما نقوم بإستلامها.

أنواع بيانات المستخدمين الشخصية والحسّاسة التي يصل تطبيقك إليها ويجمعها ويستخدمها :
1. الاسم
2. رقم الجوال 
3. العنوان 
4. موقع توصيل الطلب
كل هذه البيانات نحتاجها لكي نقد نخدمك في توصيل الطلب اليك وتقديم افضل خدمة اليك

حذف حسابك :
يمكنك حذف حسابك و جميع بياناتك وذلك من داخل التطبيق عن طريق التالي :
1. اذهب الي الاعدات
2. توجد ليقونة لحذف الحساب قم بالضغط عليها
3. سوف تظهر لك رسالة تاكيد حذف الحساب
4. قم بالضغط على نعم لحذف الحساب

خصوصية حسابك:

أنت مسؤول عن الحفاظ على سرية بيانات حسابك وكلمة المرور وتحديد من يصل إلى جهاز الكمبيوتر الخاص بك أو التطبيق الخاص بنا، كما أنك توافق على قبول المسؤولية عن جميع الأنشطة التي تتم من خلال حسابك أو كلمة المرور الخاصة بك إذا كان عمرك أقل من 18 سنة، فلا يجوز لك استخدام خدمات إلا بإشراك أحد الوالدين أو ولي الأمر.

نحتفظ بالحق في رفض تقديم الخدمة، أو إنهاء الحسابات، أو إزالة أو تعديل المحتوى، أو إلغاء الأوامر وفقا للتقدير الخاص.

التعويض:

يتم التعويض في الحالات التالية:

·      المحتوى الداخلي للمنتج: ان يكون ظهر عليه علامات عفن داخلي كتغير اللون او الرائحة الداخلية او بكتيريا ظاهرة او طعم سيء يدل على العفن و عدم سلامة استخدامه

·      ان يكون المنتج خلاف ماهو مذكور في فاتورة الطلب

·      التعويض لا يشمل الهدايا والعينات المجانية.

·      يعوض العميل / العملية عن المنتج الذي "لا" تتوفر فيه شروط الجودة برصيد مالي مقابل قيمة (المنتجات المتضرره) او بإرسال نفس المنتجات المتضرره اليه و بشكل مجاني, حسب اختيار العميل



ملاحظة :

لا يدخل طعم المنتج من حيث المرارة او درجة الحلى والحموضه في قياس الجودة انما هي خاضعة لمسألة اذواق مختلفة.

موقع وتطبيق اصالة الثمار ملتزم بضمان الجودة ورضاكم مع كل طلب لعملائها.

للاستفسارات يرجى مراسلتنا على البريد الالكتروني : asallah.fruit@gmail . com  او جوال : +966508839254


Terms and Conditions
the conditions:

By accessing the Site, you agree to be bound by these Terms, all applicable laws and regulations, and acknowledge that you are responsible for compliance with any applicable local laws.

If you do not agree to any of these terms, you may not use or access this site. All materials contained on this site are protected by applicable copyright and trademark law.

 

Regulating law:

These terms and conditions are governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia and you also irrevocably submit to the jurisdiction of the courts of the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia.

privacy policy:

Privacy and security are our top priorities, as we have never shared, printed or sold any customer information to any third party.

When you provide personal information on our website, we will work hard to protect your information both online and offline.

We use a variety of security technologies and procedures to help protect your personal information from unauthorized access, use or disclosure once we receive it.

The types of personal and sensitive user data your app accesses, collects, and uses:
1. Name
2. Mobile number
3. Address
4. Order delivery location
We need all this data in order to serve you by delivering your order to you and providing you with the best service

Delete your account:
You can delete your account and all your data from within the application by doing the following:
1. Go to settings
2. There is an icon to delete the account, click on it
3. You will see a message confirming the deletion of the account
4. Click Yes to delete the account

Your account privacy:

You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your account and password information and for restricting who accesses your computer or our application, and you agree to accept responsibility for all activities that occur under your account or password if you are under 18 years of age, You may use the Services only with the involvement of a parent or guardian.

We reserve the right to refuse service, terminate accounts, remove or edit content, or cancel orders in our sole discretion.

Compensation:

Compensation is made in the following cases:

· Internal content of the product: If it shows signs of internal mold, such as a change in color, internal odor, visible bacteria, or a bad taste that indicates mold and unsafe use.

· The product must be different from what is stated in the order invoice

· Compensation does not include gifts and free samples.

· The customer/process is compensated for the product that “does not” meet the quality conditions with a financial balance in exchange for the value of (the damaged products) or by sending the same damaged products to him free of charge, according to the customer’s choice.

note :

The taste of the product in terms of bitterness or degree of sweetness and acidity are not included in measuring quality, but are subject to the issue of different tastes.

Asalat Al Thimar website and application is committed to ensuring quality and your satisfaction with every order for its customers.

For inquiries, please email us at: asallah.fruit@gmail. com or mobile: +966508839254
